basically just doing some fight
choreography work had the pleasure today
would work with a couple fighters Chris
Romano mr. classic Muay Thai fighter and
mixed martial artists and then Albert
Lamont an actor and former fighter who
works with the living theater here in
Manhattan I'm also working with all my
buddies
Wing Chun brother Shan tan Bowen who's
also an actor what we're gonna do now is
kind of show you the basics of Wing Chun
which is sticky hands rolling Ric
nice practice have to look to the future
you're making an attack where were you
doing keep on attack oh just practice
keep don't will you have an advantage
just like Jess we give an advantage
don't give up your advantage
look-look-look
wants out so what we're here you're
gonna cut wasting motion that hangs not
gonna do shit
you don't need to be there you're gonna
use your footwork cut this way cut me
out this way go there you go don't
chambers come again quickly
don't wait I got you